src/posts/my-first-post.md, before:

---
title: This is my first post
description: Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added
  activity to beta test. Override the digital divide with additional
  clickthroughs from DevOps.
author: Surjith S M
date: 2020-09-01
tags:
  - left
  - center
  - right
---
# This is a Heading h1

## This is a Heading h2

###### This is a Heading h6

## Emphasis

*This text will be italic*\
*This will also be italic*

**This text will be bold**\
**This will also be bold**

*You **can** combine them*

## Lists

### Unordered

* Item 1
* Item 2

  * Item 2a
  * Item 2b

### Ordered

1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3

   1. Item 3a
   2. Item 3b

## Links

You may be using [Markdown Live Preview](https://markdownlivepreview.com/).

## Blockquotes

> Markdown is a lightweight markup language with plain-text-formatting syntax, created in 2004 by John Gruber with Aaron Swartz.
>
> > Markdown is often used to format readme files, for writing messages in online discussion forums, and to create rich text using a plain text editor.

## Inline code

This web site is using `markedjs/marked`.

Commit message:

Update Blog “my-first-post”

src/posts/my-first-post.md, after:

---
title: The Art of Development
description: Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added
  activity to beta test. Override the digital divide with additional
  clickthroughs from DevOps.
author: Surjith S M
date: 2020-09-01
tags:
  - left
  - center
  - right
---
## Art of Development

###### When learning to code, a good understanding of the fundamentals is key. 

## Emphasis

<!--StartFragment-->

**Lorem Ipsum** is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.

<!--EndFragment-->

**This text will be bold**\
**This will also be bold**

*You **can** combine them*

## Lists

### Unordered

* Item 1
* Item 2

  * Item 2a
  * Item 2b

### Ordered

1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3

   1. Item 3a
   2. Item 3b

## Links

You may be using [Markdown Live Preview](https://markdownlivepreview.com/).

## Blockquotes

> Markdown is a lightweight markup language with plain-text-formatting syntax, created in 2004 by John Gruber with Aaron Swartz.
>
> > Markdown is often used to format readme files, for writing messages in online discussion forums, and to create rich text using a plain text editor.

## Inline code

This web site is using `markedjs/marked`.
